<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 

<!-- codepen link; https://codepen.io/johnHambleton/pen/mdJeebz

Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       used to create web pages

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It gives meaning and structure to contect.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    a word that modifies the html, a class is an attribute

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the highest priority header tag.  As many times as needed to specfiy hightest priority

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    a <head> tag

    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute that points to specific spot in your html and canot be use more than once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    I think all of them
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that specifies one more more class names to target spots

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    again, all of them I think

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use the target="_blank" attribute after the linked address inside your anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    its is used to specify alternate meaning to your html

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section gives meaning to the code.  They function the same, but will make more difference to those reading your code

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    <h2>{}</h2>

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used to refer to a group of data, and Id is use to single out one piece of data.  You might use a class to style a grouple of data, and an ID to 
    call out a hover command for a link

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It is a selector with in another.  It can be useful to place a link within a paragraph
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar links {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selctor that creates conditional elements. :hover 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    {link-height: number;}

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    {letter-spacing: numberpx}

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    {text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize;}

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
    /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <filename>  There is no warning, and its permanant

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    its an industruy standard.  It helps teams solve problems of tracking changes, helps resolves conflicting code.  Its make the process "more better".

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as needed.  Every 20 minutes is a good standard.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone, clone link, branch, ; add commit;  push


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 